Update code docs for batch changes code after refactor (#23558)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/batch_changes/index.md

    Type definitions of common `batches` types, such as `BatchChange`, `BatchSpec`, `Changeset`, etc. A few helper functions and methods, but no real business logic.
- `enterprise/internal/batches`:

>     The hook `InitBackgroundJobs` to inject Batch Changes code into `enterprise/repo-updater`. This is the "glue" in "glue code".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The hook `InitBackgroundJobs` injects Batch Changes code into `enterprise/repo-updater`. This is the "glue" in "glue code".
```
